Remove footnotes from the language reference guide (#847)
Dyalog/documentation: language-reference-guide/docs/system-functions/ntie.md

|Needed from existing users                     ||Granted to subsequent users                     ||
|--------------------------|---------------------|---------------------------|---------------------|

> |0                         |read access          |0                          |see note             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|0                         |read access          |0                          |no access (exclusive)             |
```

On UNIX systems, the second column has no meaning and only the first code (`16|mode`) is passed to the `open(2)` call as the access parameter. See include file `fcntl.h` for details. See also [Native File Lock](nlock.md) which is not platform dependent.

!!! Legacy "Legacy"

>     The original objective of this value (granting subsequent users a value of 0) is no longer relevant, and 0 now means the same as 16. The option remains for backwards compatibility purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The original objective of value 0 from existing users (granting subsequent users a value of 0) is no longer relevant, and 0 now means the same as 16. The option remains for backwards compatibility purposes.
```

`R` is the tie number by which the file may subsequently be referred. If `Y[1]` is a negative integer, then `R` is a shy result; if `Y[1]` is 0, `R` is an explicit result.

!!! Legacy "Legacy"

>     The original meaning of `Y[2]` granting subsequent users a value 0 is no longer relevant. 0 now means the same as 16 (no access).

Reviewer: The original objective of this value (granting subsequent users a value of `0`) is no longer relevant, and `0` now means the same as `16`. The option remains for backwards compatibility purposes.
